- [Instructor] All right,
we're almost done with the pre-work
so we can write some code, but before we get there,
it's time to introduce the project that we will be building
as part of this course,
s3 is an object storage technology from Amazon.
It is extremely reliable
and very easy to use.
As such it's often used in Cloud Native
and distributed systems.
Now every Cloud provider offers this similar type
of technology, which makes it even better
for uses by systems because everywhere you go
you've got this sort of technology.
The key is we need to provision it
before our deployments so we can use it within our apps.
Now there's multiple ways to do this
but what I am going to propose that we are going to build
as part of this course,
is we are going to build an operator
that will be responsible for creating
and essentially mounting an s3 bucket
for our applications to use.
We want to tie it to the same namespace
that our CR is created in,
As namespace isolation is a common security practice
but our operator will definitely act on any namespace.
So when we do this, we are going to create the bucket
for each namespace as we go forward.
And this is really, really important
when you're building applications,
because a namespace tend to apps
that share a common purpose.
So sharing an s3 bucket
between all of those apps in a namespace is kind of okay.
And furthermore, having it defined in the namespace
means that your apps can get the configuration
from a central location.
But more on that later,
I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself.
The basic gist here is that our operator
is going to be an API gateway for s3
but it's an API gateway for the creation
and management of the bucket, not the objects in them.
That is what the applications will do.
When you build an application, you're going to load the details
and you are going to put your objects and pull your objects
out of the bucket
but your app doesn't have to worry about the bucket
because it's going to be defined by our operator.
So now we're going to expand and improve on this operator
throughout the next few videos,
but we're going to do this
in a very step by step methodical process.
So bear with me as we're doing this
because you may see something that doesn't make sense.
For instance, how we're going to manage credentials early on?
But it will make sense by the end of the course
I'm trying to give you this from the ground up.
But for right now, the important point is
we're going to build an operator that manages s3 buckets
per namespace for our applications.